# TODO:

* Will implement soon:

1. Introduce correlating student ids with real names and emails into
anonymizer.bash. Now that we need rosters anyway for section mode,
section mode should obviously just use those rosters to anonymize the
student names. We should then add the optional switch to use a roster
to "all" mode only. There are two benefits to this scheme:

a. We don't need the TF to save the roster files.
b. We will have, hopefully, better anonymization, in the sense that
you don't just need to remember 5 random characters.

2. Introduce functions into the script, including a standardized way
of checking errors.

3. Mac OS X: Tested on 10.11.6. Everything works (git is pre-installed
too), except that Word fails to open anonymized files. Seems to be a
globbing error. Strangely pdfs are fine so the problem must be in Word
itself. Need to try a different implementation of rot. (Can I do some
sort of a rot40 that has @, \, ., \"? Looking ahead to anonymizing
with student names and emails.)

+ It turns out that \ is the only think that makes it croak. So I
  should just remove \.

4. Mac OS X, cont: Their implementation of awk doesn't support -v, so
deanonymizer doesn't get the full names. So it doesn't support
-vFPAT. You need a space: "-v FPAT". But it still doesn't work
properly. What it seems to be doing is actually regarding only the
comma WITHIN the quotes as the delimiter. When it's the opposite. What
I want is to ignore that comma. So something has gone wrong with the
regex here. I'll have to try to debug this somehow.

+ A depends on mawk or gawk would fix this problem. But it would be
nice to make it portable and work with BSD awk (nawk).

+ There are various solutions when EVERY field has quotes, e.g., -F '","|"'.
+ But it seems like we need the gawk tricks when only some fields have quotes.
+ But here's a claimed solution I don't have time to test yet:
+ backreference.org/2010/04/17/csv-parsing-with-awk
+ Yes, this should work cone I figure out how to run it.

5. Deanonymizer.bash: It should let you prompt again to list the
available files after you've uploaded a few.

* Hope to implement eventually:

1. Introduce some support for anonymizing student submissions as they
come in. One way to do this is to keep track of when we last fetched
data from WebDAV, and then compare that with the dates of
uploads. Stef notes that I need to add error checking for the
situation where people reupload their file with changes.

2. Port the script to a proper language (Python? OCaml?). This would
help with error checking, etc.

* Probably never going to implement:

1. Implement a command-line option to use MAT to strip the files of
identifying metadata. MAT is only packaged in Debian at the moment, so
this isn't a very portable solution. This is hopeless until MAT is
fixed: https://bugs.debian.org/cgi-bin/bugreport.cgi?bug=826101)

2. At present, 2-factor authentication is not supported. (There's a
purported guide available, but I don't think this works with Yale:
http://www.qed42.com/blog/using-curl-webdav-two-factor-authentication)
The workaround is to make sure you have already logged in to
classesv2 and have checked to stay logged in for a day, or to run
this script on Yale campus.

